evidence.txt	Time line and technical analysis, text version.
evidence.ps	Time line and technical analysis, PostScript version.
advisory.txt	Technical advisory, text version.
advisory.ps	Technical advisory, PostScript version.
summary.txt	Executive summary, text version.
summary.ps	Executive summary, PostScript version.
costs.txt	Cost estimate, text version.
costs.ps	Cost estimate, PostScript version.

Contents of files.tar:

md5sum.mismatches
		Output from checking system consistency with rpm.

dot-fileMeYV0p	The file written by the in.identd installed on the
		system.
in.identd.S	Raw output from running objdump on in.identd.
in.identd.s	A commented version of some excerpts from the
		disassembler listing.

dirlist		Output from investigating directory mtimes.

bash-histories	find(1) output concerning the .bash_history files
		and/or links found on the system.

logsnippets	Log file snippets grepped from the /var partition.
logsnippets.swap
		Log file snippets grepped from the swap partition.

swap-environments
		Environment-like strings found in the swap partition.

passwd.suspects
		passwd-like strings found on the root partition.
passwd.snippets
		actual passwd entries found in passwd.suspects.
bash_history.root
		Fragments from root's .bash_history, recovered from
		the root partition.

ssh.diff	Diff between a known-good version of ssh-1.2.27 and
		the version installed on the system.

bigbody		Combined output from ils|ils2mac and graverobber.
timeline.txt	mactime output, generated from bigbody.

lastlog.c	The C source code of a simple tool to dump the
		entire lastlog file of the victim system.

trojan.sh  	The script used by the attacker to adapt the system
 		to his needs.  Recovered from the evidence.

addbd.sh	The addbd shell script, as extracted from the evidence.

linsniffer.c	Source code for linsniffer, from lrk4.
snif.s		Objdump output generated from the snif binary.

libfake.tar	The source code for the shared library used for
		examining the slice2 binary found on the system.
sendto.log
sendto.log.apollo
headers
headers.apollo
		The output files generated during that examination.
