[The following is a summary of the intrusion into the host
apollo.honeyp.edu.  This summary is based on information detailed
in the file "evidence.txt".]

On November 7, 2000, a Red Hat Linux 6.2 server belonging to
honeyp.edu was compromised.  Analysis of the system confirms the
attacker broke in through the rpc.statd daemon, a Network File System
service.  This vulnerability was made public July 16, 2000 and CERT
released an Advisory about the issue on August 18, 2000:

    http://www.cert.org/advisories/CA-2000-17.html

Once inside the system, the intruder installed multiple back doors, a
sniffer (to capture passwords), a trojan horse Secure Shell daemon
that logs passwords, a program for monitoring and controlling Internet
Relay Chat (IRC) channels that supports encryption of its
configuration files, and a set of scanning, intrusion, and denial of
service attack programs.

There is no evidence the attack was directed against this institution
specifically, rather this was a random intrusion designed to simply
gain access to as many systems as possible.  This incident is typical
of IRC "war" related activity as described in CIAC document 2318,
titled "IRC on Your Dime":

    http://ciac.llnl.gov/ciac/documents/CIAC-2318_IRC_On_Your_Dime.pdf

The system was taken out of service before the intruder was able to
use any of the malicious programs installed on the system, which
prevented any damage to other internal systems or to external
entities.

The intruder used automated tools to install malicious software, which
did significant damage to the system (in the form of replacement of
original operating system programs and addition of malicious programs)
in a very short period of time.  This damage was so extensive that the
complete re-formatting and re-installation of all operating system
programs would be necessary to ensure control was fully regained.
Evidence was preserved for any possible law enforcement activity.

The estimated cost of analysis of this incident (see "costs.txt" for
full break-down) is $2876.20  +/- $421.18.
